c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DesignPatterns.exe.config
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DesignPatterns.exe
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DesignPatterns.pdb
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\obj\Debug\DesignPatterns.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\obj\Debug\DesignPatterns.exe
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\obj\Debug\DesignPatterns.pdb
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\API.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Glacier.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SimpleNotificationService.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SQS.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Blackwood.Framework.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\CBWMessages.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\ClrPatch.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\CommLib.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\ddfplus.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v15.2.Core.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.PropertyGrid.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.DXStyle.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.HybridApp.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.LightGray.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.MetropolisDark.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.MetropolisLight.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2007Black.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2007Blue.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2007Silver.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2010Black.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2010Blue.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2010Silver.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2013.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2013DarkGray.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2013LightGray.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2016Black.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2016Colorful.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2016White.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Seven.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.TouchlineDark.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.VS2010.v15.2.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Disk.SDK.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Disk.SDK.Provider.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DotNetDBF.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Backup.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Collections.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Common.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Configuration.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Data.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Data.Providers.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Interop.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Localization.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Net.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Reflection.Aspects.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Reflection.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Roslyn.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Security.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Serialization.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Serialization.FieldFactories.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Transactions.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.UnitTesting.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Web.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Xaml.Charting.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Xaml.DevExp.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Ecng.Xaml.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.WPF.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\INIFileParser.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\LmaxClientLibrary.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\MaasOne.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\MaasOne.Yahoo.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Messages.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\MoreLinq.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Northwoods.GoWPF.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\ProtoSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\rapiplus.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\SevenZipSharp.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Alerts.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.AlfaDirect.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Algo.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Algo.Expressions.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Algo.History.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Algo.Strategies.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.BarChart.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.BitStamp.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Blackwood.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Btce.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.BusinessEntities.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Community.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Configuration.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.CQG.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.ETrade.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Fix.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.InteractiveBrokers.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.IQFeed.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.ITCH.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Licensing.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.LMAX.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Localization.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Logging.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.MatLab.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Messages.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Micex.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Oanda.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.OpenECry.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Plaza.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Quik.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.QuikLua.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Rithmic.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Rss.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.SmartCom.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Sterling.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Transaq.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Twime.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Xaml.Charting.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Xaml.Code.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Xaml.Diagram.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Xaml.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\System.Net.FtpClient.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Types.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\XigniteCodeGen.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\xNet.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\zlibnet.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\API.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Core.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.Glacier.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.S3.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SimpleNotificationService.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.SQS.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Blackwood.Framework.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\CommLib.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Controls.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Layout.v15.2.Core.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.LayoutControl.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.NavBar.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Printing.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.PropertyGrid.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v15.2.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Disk.SDK.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Disk.SDK.Provider.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\DotNetDBF.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\INIFileParser.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\LmaxClientLibrary.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\MaasOne.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\MaasOne.Yahoo.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\MoreLinq.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\Northwoods.GoWPF.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Alerts.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.AlfaDirect.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Algo.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Algo.Expressions.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Algo.History.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Algo.Strategies.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.BarChart.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.BitStamp.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Blackwood.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Btce.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.BusinessEntities.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Community.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Configuration.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.CQG.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.ETrade.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Fix.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.InteractiveBrokers.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.IQFeed.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.ITCH.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Licensing.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.LMAX.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Localization.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Logging.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.MatLab.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Messages.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Micex.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Oanda.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.OpenECry.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Plaza.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Quik.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Rithmic.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Rss.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.SmartCom.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Sterling.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Transaq.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Twime.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Xaml.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Xaml.Charting.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Xaml.Code.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\StockSharp.Xaml.Diagram.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\System.Net.FtpClient.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\saravanakumar.v\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DesignPatterns\DesignPatterns\bin\Debug\xNet.xml
